Hi, guys.
Welcome.
Now, this lecture, we are gonna applaud the perfect image to our fast database.
But before we do this, I want to first upload the image to the storage.
Now, in order to get to this page, I just have to do is to click on this storage.
Now, you may not see this as a page.
Well, whatever you see, I believe you're going to be able to follow the process.
Okay.
Now, the important thing is to upload image over here on into the layer.
We need to as well set up what the rules.
So navigate to the navigate to the rules tab.
Okay.
Now, yours might not look exactly like this, but whatever it is you just have to do is to remove from
the back.
So the hello world.
All right.
Okay.
Make sure your semicolon is at the head.
You're going to click on publish.
Okay.
Now, the logic is what we're going to do is, first of all.
They are going to upload the image.
So the storage.
Then we are going to get that image Jarrell then uploaded to the Presto database.
Okay.
Now what you can do is over here, we can just create a folder.
Well, like I said, we're not gonna be doing this manually.
So we are going to go now to our.
We are quote.
They're going to do this in the hearts controller.
So now what I'm going to do is I'm going to make this very wide by using control and the.
That over a year we had earlier created a function which required sign off users to sign up users.
Then we passed in all the required fields we need.
And over here we are checking if it is valid or not.
So we are simply saying if.
The full name, user name of the human fossil that emitted.
If all those fields are field, then only we want to create the user and as well we want to upload those
details to the past or the.
Okay.
Now what we are also going to do is we are not only going to create these are only going to create the
datas in the faster, but as well.
We are going to store that image and the evidence that affects image and the storage location.
Okay.
Now, to do this, what I just going to do is I'm going to do this before this class.
So that's collection recorded as well.
Simply just.
I wait for this?
Okay.
So now what you're going to do is we're going to create a function of a.
So we can't call this function.
Okay.
On this call.
So I'll just go offload.
Image of this disco two.
So.
So storage.
Okay.
Now.
What we can't do first is we can't just pass.
You can't pass.
The crew does all the emissions so they can see it because first of all, we need to pass this.
Okay.
Now we can associate this type of you.
It's.
It's a list.
So it's.
This.
Okay.
Then you can see.
It can be.
No.
Okay.
I think we need to it in a coma.
Now you can see it expects us to pass it to.
The food.
So now what you're going to do is.
They're going to say aren't.
Image.
Is not a core to know.
That is, if the images like what's in are, then only we want to.
Broad audience as well.
Okay.
Now we're going to pass into image.
Now we're going to create this function with the code pages.
We're just going to create a function.
At the top.
So you can also give a comment because in function.
Function to.
Image to storage.
Okay.
Now, what we can do first is remember we had earlier.
You can see this.
Fix it.
So that's what we're getting down here.
So now remember.
Okay.
We had earlier installed a storage as well.
Right.
So what we're going to do, we're going to go to our cost, just as it did this past week, as rid of
all those errors.
Okay.
So now we're going to call this Firebase Storage.
So this is going to be equal to Firebase.
Public storage third instance.
So.
Five is.
Okay.
That's his stance.
Now we are going to go back to our controller.
Then what we're going to do is we're going to create that functional first.
Okay.
Then we get to the past and the.
MH Then this a type of you?
And.
It's this.
So it's.
Okay.
We can see it coming also.
Great.
Now what you're going to do first is you're going to create a folder.
Now, as you know, you're not going to be creating this manually.
Okay.
So what you're going to do not to create that for the Firebase Storage.
Third wave, then the child.
Okay.
This child's name is the location of all of those images of his thought.
That is the folder of those images that are going to be stored.
We can call the for the four five takes.
Okay.
So.
Then they're going to say the child again.
Now the child is referred to what is going to be the name of the Fae.
Now the name of the site is going to be the user ID.
Now we can use that to create over there because we are defining this first.
So what we can do is use the Firebase Odds to get the idea as well.
So I'm going to say Firebase.
Odd thoughts user, but so sorry this is going to be correct.
User turds.
You already had U.S. permission, McKelvey.
Okay, great.
Now we can store the results in a verbal code with.
Okay.
There is a type of Faroes.
With the Browns now.
This is it.
We have created it for the court for five, six, four, five.
Think then we said the name of the.
Fire is going to be the user.
Heidi?
Okay, great.
So not in this scene.
We're going to do a service to upload the image.
So to do that.
Oh, just out to do it is this.
Rev it.
We have dirt.
It's we have put data, right?
We have the put data class in that image.
Okay.
Great.
Kraft Foods did a.
That's in crickets in this era.
Okay.
Good.
Now most of the results in the variable.
So you're going to store the results on the record.
So for that record upload task.
Because you're going to upload it once, upload the image to defer storage rights and is also going
to be a type of upload task.
So we're going to watch this.
Okay, great.
Right.
Okay.
Now what we're going to do, this is going to wait for the upload in upload task, if you do understand
is.
Absolutely.
I want to continue this again.
Right.
Okay.
As well.
We need to store this in the cold snap.
Which is a type of tax.
Snapshots.
Okay.
So there are forces that we need to use.
What's the async?
Okay.
It's already ten days in the lodge code.
Okay, now, remember I said we're going to get there.
You have a hill of the inmates there and you're going to upload it over there right now to do this.
Just out as it is.
Snap that.
Snapped.
This is going to be, I think.
Okay.
There's going to be stuff that read.
Then don't get the load.
You are a hill.
Okay.
Now as well, we can store this in the variable code.
Download.
Download the URL.
Okay.
So we're going to need to with this then.
This is a type of string.
Right.
That and this they're going to do is they're going to return.
Return to the Lord Jarrell.
Okay.
Great.
So this is basically it.
First of all, we created the for the court.
So if I peek then with the name of the is going to be the user uid.
Then over here is just to upload that image, right?
Then over here we are waiting for the upload.
Then over here we got the.
Download we got the image URL and we're return it.
Okay, so now I'm just going to stop here.
Then this lecture will continue.